
As it may be of interest for those who make it a long 
term goal to stay here, some conditions must be noted 
before rules are stated. These conditions protect the 
rules and protect the people enforcing them, as well 
as those at the risk of being improperly judged.

Accepting the purpose of this document binds the 
Discord user in question to an agreement with the owner 
that they acknowledge these conditions and the rules. 
Those who claim they did not read this document, or the 
rules, do not get special treatment. This behavior will 
be considered being illiterate as there is an 
authentication system that marks you as accepting.


Those who have achieved the status of "Level 1", "Level 
2", or "Level 3" must note that they are under a strict 
oath to do what is right, in coordination with the 
owner of this server. And if they disobey this oath 
they are to be terminated immediately with no questions 
being asked. If abuse of power is attempted and 
reported, they will lose their status and be ineligible 
to receive it again. 

If you have been demoted from a position, warned, or 
kicked. You are expected to act mature and accept such 
a thing and consider your actions. Retaliation in any 
way besides asking as to why it was done, and what you 
did, is discouraged. As stated previously, it is within 
conditions to know why you were punished, that is all. 
Complaining to people of power will create more 
problems than the one you are currently in.

This document along with the rules may be updated at 
any point to fulfill a situational problem, you will be 
notified of this in the #mass-server-log channel. And 
you will be expected to read it as soon as possible. 
The grace period between updates and enforcement is 48 
hours, in the meantime, any updates made to this 
document or the rules are null and cannot be enforced 
unless otherwise stated by the owner. 
 
The staff team of this server have the right to enforce 
rules as to their duty, they can go beyond rules if the 
purpose is within reason. They reserve this right and 
are encouraged to act upon it.

Assuming you have accepted the purpose of this 
document, please continue to the rules, and read them 
well.